Table component (#850)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/dev/migrating-to-v1.rst

`model.get_component` function which takes the name of the desired component and the TYPE of the component you wish to retrieve. At this point you can do
with it as you please.

In the core of HydroMT, the available components are:
+-----------------------+-----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
| v0.x Model Attribute  | Component       | Description                                                     |
+=======================+=================+=================================================================+

> | model.tables          | TableComponent  | Component for storing non-geospatial data in pandas DataFrames  |
> | model.grid            | GridComponent   | A component for managing regular grids and adding data to it    |
> | model.geoms('region') | RegionComponent | A component for managing the area of interest for the model.    |

Reviewer: For consistency:
```suggestion
| model.tables          | TablesComponent  | Component for managing non-geospatial data in pandas DataFrames  |
| model.grid            | GridComponent   | Component for managing regular gridded data in single hydromt RasterDataset    |
| model.geoms('region') | RegionComponent | Component for managing the area of interest for the model in a geopandas GeoDataFrame.    |
```

| model.setup_grid_from_*(...) | model.grid_component.add_data_from_*(...) |
+------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+

TableComponent
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Same as Grid, but it's called Table component and has less methods.

Reviewer: Maybe add that this used to be self.tables.
I thought I made you start a list of added components as well and their meaning (is it here still a dict of pandas.DataFrame for non-geospatial tabular data?)

Reviewer: On top I wonder if we don't keep the plural here: ``tables: TablesComponent`` to mention that this component actually contains several tables/pd.Dataframe. Maybe we will/can add a singular one ``table: TableComponent`` for single and direct self.data: pd.Dataframe.
Same question for the current ``geoms``.
@DirkEilander what do you think?

Author: I like the table, I think that's a good idea so I'll add that. I'm not a fan of adding singular versions on top of the plural, but I don't really care much about which is will be, so I'm happy to defer there

Author: I've added the table so what remains is the plural/singular. @hboisgon @DirkEilander what do you think?

Author: then we will keep the plural

Author: Dirk agreed to keep the plural as well

| model.setup_grid_from_*(...) | model.grid_component.add_data_from_*(...) |
+------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+

TableComponent
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Same as Grid, but it's called Table component and has less methods.

Reviewer: The previous ``Model.tables`` is now replaces by a ``TablesComponent`` that can used to store several non-geospatial tabular data into a dictionnary of pandas DataFrames. The TablesComponent for now only contains the basic methods such as ``read``, ``write`` and ``set``.
